Update Post December Webinar (#1432)
FlowFuse/website: src/webinars/2023/sync-music-to-fireworks.md

> Join our upcoming webinar on "Syncing Music with Fireworks and Light Shows." This session is perfect for DIY enthusiasts, tech hobbyists, and anyone looking to add a wow factor to their New Year's Eve party. We'll dive into the innovative technique of real-time music synchronization with fireworks or light shows. Say goodbye to limited, pre-set tracks and hello to a dynamic display that moves with any song you choose. Learn how to utilize MQTT, Dashboard 2.0, and open-source tools to create a fun visual and auditory experience. Whether you're a Raspberry Pi aficionado, an Arduino enthusiast, or a beginner in digital light shows, this webinar is designed to guide you through the process step-by-step. Join us on December 21st to get everything set up in time for the big night!

Reviewer: Take off "Join our upcoming...." sentence

> Join our upcoming webinar on "Syncing Music with Fireworks and Light Shows." This session is perfect for DIY enthusiasts, tech hobbyists, and anyone looking to add a wow factor to their New Year's Eve party. We'll dive into the innovative technique of real-time music synchronization with fireworks or light shows. Say goodbye to limited, pre-set tracks and hello to a dynamic display that moves with any song you choose. Learn how to utilize MQTT, Dashboard 2.0, and open-source tools to create a fun visual and auditory experience. Whether you're a Raspberry Pi aficionado, an Arduino enthusiast, or a beginner in digital light shows, this webinar is designed to guide you through the process step-by-step. Join us on December 21st to get everything set up in time for the big night!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This session is perfect for DIY enthusiasts, tech hobbyists, and anyone looking to add a wow factor to their New Year's Eve party. We dive into the innovative technique of real-time music synchronization with fireworks or light shows. Say goodbye to limited, pre-set tracks and hello to a dynamic display that moves with any song you choose. 

Learn how to utilize MQTT, Dashboard 2.0, and open-source tools to create a fun visual and auditory experience. Whether you're a Raspberry Pi aficionado, an Arduino enthusiast, or a beginner in digital light shows, this webinar is designed to guide you through the process step-by-step.
```
